Update outdated `vue` document (#3240)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/vue-init.md

# vue init

> Legacy project initialization subcommand of the Vue.js framework.
> More information: <https://cli.vuejs.org/guide/creating-a-project.html#pulling-2-x-templates-legacy>.

> - Create a new Vue.js project:

Reviewer: I'd mention the template parameter in the description, to make it explicit, and to match the structure of the following two examples. For example:

```suggestion
- Create a new Vue.js project using one of the default templates:
```

Reviewer: Also, the language should be similar in all three cases, so instead of:
>\- Create a new Vue.js project...
>\- Create a new project...
>\- Create a project...

all three examples should start the same way, e.g.
>\- Create a new project...

# vue init

> > Legacy init subcommand for the Vue.js framework.

Reviewer: How about this?

```suggestion
> Legacy project initialization subcommand from the Vue.js framework.
```

(Or "of the Vue.js framework", if that reads better to you.)

Author: Changes applied. Thanks for your suggestions!

> > Official templates include `webpack`, `webpack-simple`, `browserify`, `browserify-simple`, and `simple`.

Reviewer 2: We can delete this line and include this information in the `vue init` command by writing it as - `{{webpack|webpack-simple..}}`

Author: OK, thanks. Making the changes.

> More information: <https://cli.vuejs.org/guide/creating-a-project.html#pulling-2-x-templates-legacy>.

> - Create a new vue project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a new Vue.js project:
```

`vue init {{template}} {{project_name}}`

> - Create a new project with a local template:

Reviewer: Maybe reword to match the next example?

```suggestion
- Create a new project using a local template:
```

`vue init {{path/to/template_directory}} {{project_name}}`

> - Create project using template on GitHub:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a project using a template on GitHub:
```

> # vue-init

Reviewer 3: Could we change the title so that it matches the format of other subcommand pages like `git merge`, please?
```suggestion
# vue init
```

> > Legacy init command.

Reviewer 3: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
> Legacy init subcommand for the Vue.js framework.
```

> > Require `vue-cli@2` or `@vue/cli` with `@vue/cli-init`.

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure we need this line. The point of tldr pages is to show how to _use_ a command, not to install it. I think we can assume that if the user is looking up the page, then they already have it installed or know where to find that information :-)

Author: Applied changes to this.

> > Official templates include: webpack, webpack-simple, browserify, browserify-simple, simple.

Reviewer 3: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
> Official templates include `webpack`, `webpack-simple`, `browserify`, `browserify-simple`, and `simple`.
```
